Move build files into pycode/memilio-simulation and update actions (#1566)
SciCompMod/memilio: docs/source/python/python_packages.rst

            To the generation package

.. _python-package-installation :

Package installation
--------------------

You can run simulations, download data, or create plots with our Python packages.
First, however, you need a working Python installation.

> If you are not sure that you have one, head to :ref:`general-setup-section` for the python setup, then continue here.

Reviewer: Inconsistent use of Python and python in this file

.. note::

    We highly recommend using a `virtual environment <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html>`__ for installing
    any python package (including ours)! You can find instructions on how to create one
    `here <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#creating-virtual-environments>`__.
    You can freely choose name and location of the environment, just make sure that you can find it again later.

>     And remember to active the environment before trying to use MEmilio!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    And remember to activate the environment before using MEmilio!
```

    `here <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#creating-virtual-environments>`__.
    You can freely choose name and location of the environment, just make sure that you can find it again later.
    And remember to active the environment before trying to use MEmilio!

The Python packages can be installed in two ways depending on your use case.
The Python packages can be installed in two ways, depending on your use case.
We will use pip here, but you can use the python package manager of your choice as well.

**Option 1: Install from PyPI (Recommended - no C++ compiler required; currently only supported for memilio-simulation)**
Option 1: Install from PyPI
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pre-built wheels are provided for Linux and Windows on Python 3.9 to 3.13.
.. note:: Currently only supported for memilio-simulation.

.. code-block:: console

   pip install memilio-simulation
If you just want to run simulations with the latest released version, install the pre-built wheel directly from PyPI:

> This is the easiest way to get started. No C++ compiler or CMake is needed.

Reviewer: I would mention somewhere that no C++ compiler or CMake is needed when installing via PyPI.

Author: That is not entirely true, though. Unsupported systems currently need build tools when building from sdist.

.. code-block:: console 
    
    cd pycode/memilio-{package_name}
    python -m pip install .

This installs the package and the required dependencies to your site-packages. If you want to avoid changing
directories too often, simply run ``python -m pip install pycode/memilio-{package_name}`` from the project root.

.. tip:: For Contributors: Installing development packages

    The ``-e`` flag installs the package in a mode, which links the installation to your local source code directory.
    This allows working on the python code without having to reinstall the package after every change.
    If you plan to contribute to any package, install all development dependencies by adding ``[dev]``:

    .. code-block:: console

        python -m pip install -e .[dev]

.. warning::
   C++ code changes always require re-running this command for the changes to take effect.

.. dropdown:: :fa:`gears` Expert's knowledge: Build files for skbuild

    The simulaion and generation packages use skbuild to compile python bindings and parts of the C++ library.
    By default, the cmake build files are put into ``pycode/build/memilio-{package_name}`` to save on time during

>     package development. If you get unexpected cmake errors, you can try deleting the respective build directory. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    package development. If you get unexpected CMake errors, you can try deleting the respective build directory. If
```
